whitelist->allow-list, blacklist->deny-list (#3778)
projectcalico/calico: reference/host-endpoints/objects.md

traffic to/from that interface. If you have no policy or profiles in
place, then you should see traffic being dropped on the interface.

> > **Note**: By default, {{site.prodname}} has a failsafe in place that allow-lists certain

Author: ```suggestion
> **Note**: By default, {{site.prodname}} has a failsafe in place that allows certain
```
